Are you not afraid that I will kill a thousand women if you stop?
Zhou Tianyu, you are simply not human
Lord, I have a psychological connection
Know the whereabouts of the other 6 women
There they are.
Yang Fan, I know you can restore my appearance
Please or I will kill Liu Mengsha immediately
Kill Liu Mengsha
Then my six-person will be useless
Li Ruyun, are you crazy?
Let him go!
Dark clouds can't be wrong again and again
Hurry up and find the six women
Yang Fan, don't play dumb with me
Restore my youth immediately
Lu Yun
You recovered
Ahhh
I replied.
I'm not an old woman anymore
You bitch
Almost ruined my good deed
The Lord has released the Three Immortals
Solve the jade
Zhou Tianyu, you are about to release the goddess
Do you think I'm stupid?
If I let them go
Isn't it up to you?
The Son of Heaven can't let him go
Make him hand over the magic weapon
The medicinal pill is majestic at its own expense
He must have the best magic weapon
Make sure he hands it over
Hand it over
absolutely not!
Shameless robbery of these people
Even if it is handed over to them
They won't let go of the goddess either, that's right
They push their luck.
Can't let them go
Shut up
Or I'll kill you first
Finally found it.